Documentation/time-log.md, before:

# Time-Log

- 2018-01-14 ~1 hour setting up the project directory (coding GitProjectTemplating) and adding all the requirements, provided files and stuff so I can now get to work.
- 2018-01-18 ~1 hour design of the first employee card.
- 2018-01-19 ~1:15 hours Added teriffic dot animation as loading sequence, also the 
- 2018-01-22 05:16-> 5:27 a few lines on the modal window
- 2018-01-24 04:20-04:55 modal dialog now opens and closes, prototype is close to wireframe
- 2018-01-25 05:43-06:27
    - [x] close button + hover and + pointer cursor
    - [x] click on dialog does not close dialog
    - [x] correct data is loaded on click
- 2018-01-26 06:01-06:55
    - [x] instead of hiding the modal at javascript start which might flicker, 
          change the CSS to avoid this. (modal shall be hidden at the start)
    - [x] Preprocess data: first letter of first name and last name have to be uppercase
    - [x] remove duplication of htmlEncode (use my.htmlEncode)
    - Email-address is now a link
- 2018-01-27 09:47-10:48 
  - asked a few questions on slack
  - commented a few methods
  - added search box to the design
  - thought about the design and how to implement the search functionality
  - research on an easy way to only get employees fit for search (not using
    funny letters in their names), but found none... thats a problem for later :)
- 2018-01-28 07:16-08:46
  - [x] max width for dialog
  - [x] flexgrid for main layout
  - [x] employee filter working
  - [x] request only nationalities that work with the search

# some next todos
 - [ ] birthdate format is different

Commit message:

- [x] bugfix for modal dialog not opening   - [x] added navigation arrows to dialog

Documentation/time-log.md, after:

# Time-Log

- 2018-01-14 ~1 hour setting up the project directory (coding GitProjectTemplating) and adding all the requirements, provided files and stuff so I can now get to work.
- 2018-01-18 ~1 hour design of the first employee card.
- 2018-01-19 ~1:15 hours Added teriffic dot animation as loading sequence, also the 
- 2018-01-22 05:16-> 5:27 a few lines on the modal window
- 2018-01-24 04:20-04:55 modal dialog now opens and closes, prototype is close to wireframe
- 2018-01-25 05:43-06:27
    - [x] close button + hover and + pointer cursor
    - [x] click on dialog does not close dialog
    - [x] correct data is loaded on click
- 2018-01-26 06:01-06:55
    - [x] instead of hiding the modal at javascript start which might flicker, 
          change the CSS to avoid this. (modal shall be hidden at the start)
    - [x] Preprocess data: first letter of first name and last name have to be uppercase
    - [x] remove duplication of htmlEncode (use my.htmlEncode)
    - Email-address is now a link
- 2018-01-27 09:47-10:48 
  - asked a few questions on slack
  - commented a few methods
  - added search box to the design
  - thought about the design and how to implement the search functionality
  - research on an easy way to only get employees fit for search (not using
    funny letters in their names), but found none... thats a problem for later :)
- 2018-01-28 07:16-08:46
  - [x] max width for dialog
  - [x] flexgrid for main layout
  - [x] employee filter working
  - [x] request only nationalities that work with the search
- 2018-01-28 18:20-
  - [x] bugfix for modal dialog not opening
  - [ ] added navigation arrows to dialog

# some next todos
 - [ ] birthdate format is different
